docs: Prepare Changelog for 9.0.0 (#42721)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

:issue: https://github.com/elastic/beats/issues/
:pull: https://github.com/elastic/beats/pull/

[[release-notes-9.0.0-beta1]]
=== Beats version 9.0.0-beta1
https://github.com/elastic/beats/compare/v8.17.2\...v9.0.0-beta1[View commits]

==== Breaking changes

*Affecting all Beats*

> - Set default kafka version to 2.1.0 in kafka output and filebeat. {pull}41662[41662]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set default Kafka version to 2.1.0 in Kafka output and Filebeat. {pull}41662[41662]
```

- Replace default Ubuntu-based images with UBI-minimal-based ones. {pull}42150[42150]
- removed support for a single `-` to precede multi-letter command line arguments.  Use `--` instead. {issue}42117[42117] {pull}42209[42209]

*Filebeat*

- Filebeat fails to start if there is any input with a duplicated ID. It logs the duplicated IDs and the offending inputs configurations. {pull}41731[41731]
- Filestream inputs with duplicated IDs will fail to start. An error is logged showing the ID and the full input configuration. {issue}41938[41938] {pull}41954[41954]
- Filestream inputs can define `allow_deprecated_id_duplication: true` to run keep the previous behaviour of running inputs with duplicated IDs. {issue}41938[41938] {pull}41954[41954]

> - The Filestream input only starts to ingest a file when it is >= 1024 bytes in size. This happens because the fingerprint` is the default file identity now. To restore the previous behaviour, set `file_identity.native: ~` and `prospector.scanner.fingerprint.enabled: false`. {issue}40197[40197] {pull}41762[41762]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Filestream input only starts to ingest a file when it is >= 1024 bytes in size. This happens because the fingerprint is the default file identity now. To restore the previous behaviour, set `file_identity.native: ~` and `prospector.scanner.fingerprint.enabled: false`. {issue}40197[40197] {pull}41762[41762]
```
Looks like there's an extra backtick.

> - Filebeat fails to start when its configuration contains usage of the deprecated `log` or `container` inputs. However, they can still be using while setting `allow_deprecated_use: true` in their configuration. {pull}42295[42295]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Filebeat fails to start when its configuration contains usage of the deprecated `log` or `container` inputs. However, they can still be used when `allow_deprecated_use: true` is set in their configuration. {pull}42295[42295]
```

*Osquerybeat*

- Upgrade osquery version to 5.13.1. {pull}40849[40849]

*Packetbeat*

- Use base-16 for reporting `serial_number` value in TLS fields in line with the ECS recommendation. {pull}41542[41542]

*Winlogbeat*

> - Default to use raw api and delete older xml implementation. {pull}42275[42275]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default to use raw API and delete older XML implementation. {pull}42275[42275]
```

- Publish events progressively in the Okta provider of the Entity Analytics input. {issue}40106[40106] {pull}42567[42567]
- Journald `include_matches.match` now accepts `+` to represent a logical disjunction (OR). {issue}40185[40185] {pull}42517[42517]
- The journald input is now generally available. {pull}42107[42107]

*Heartbeat*

- Add support for RFC7231 methods to HTTP monitors. {pull}41975[41975]

*Metricbeat*

- Add `use_kubeadm` config option in kubernetes module in order to toggle kubeadm-config API requests. {pull}40086[40086]
- Preserve queries for debugging when `merge_results: true` in SQL module. {pull}42271[42271]
- Collect more fields from ES node/stats metrics and only those that are necessary. {pull}42421[42421]

*Metricbeat*
- Add benchmark module. {pull}41801[41801]

*Osquerybeat*

- Increase maximum query timeout to 24 hours. {pull}42356[42356]

*Winlogbeat*

- Properly set events `UserData` when experimental API is used. {pull}41525[41525]
- Include XML is respected for experimental API. {pull}41525[41525]
- Forwarded events use renderedtext info for experimental API. {pull}41525[41525]
- Language setting is respected for experimental API. {pull}41525[41525]

> - Language setting also added to decode xml wineventlog processor. {pull}41525[41525]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Language setting also added to decode XML wineventlog processor. {pull}41525[41525]
```

- Format embedded messages in the experimental API. {pull}41525[41525]
- Make the experimental API GA and rename it to winlogbeat-raw. {issue}39580[39580] {pull}41770[41770]
- Remove 22 clause limitation. {issue}35047[35047] {pull}42187[42187]
- Add handling for recoverable publisher disabled errors. {issue}35316[35316] {pull}42187[42187]

*Functionbeat*

> - Removal of functionbeat binaries from CI pipelines. {issue}40745[40745] {pull}41506[41506]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove Functionbeat binaries from CI pipelines. {issue}40745[40745] {pull}41506[41506]
```
